Multithreading
what is mutihreading ?
    Multihreading is a process to execute multiple theread at a same time without dependency of other threads called multithreading.

what is thread ?
    Thread is a pre-define class which is available in java.lang package.
    thread is a basic unit of CPU it is well known for independent execution.

How to create a thread ?

There are two way to create a thread

by extending the thread class 
by implementing the runnable interface

example
class A extend Thread{
    public void run{

    }
}
public static void main(String args[])
{
    A thr = new thread();
    thr.start();
}

now by implementing Runnable interface


What is thread scheduler ?
    Thread Scheduler is the part of processor which execute multiple threads on a single processor ramdomly.

    Thread Schedular work in 3 algorithm
    1. fcf(first come first service)
    2. sjf(sort job first)
    3. Round Robin

    What is Synchronization ? 
     Synchronization is a technique through which can control multiple thread or number of threads and only one thread will be enter inside the synchronized area.

    note:- The main purpose of synchronization is to overcome the problem of multithreading when multiple threads are trying to access same resource at the same time on that situation it may problems some wrong result.


Problems with multithreading:-
    Multihreading is very good whenever we want to complete our task as soon as possible but in some situation it may provides some wrong result or some corrupted data this situation occur when ever an same resource is accessible by multiple thread at the same time

Synchronization is broadly classified into two categories:-
1. method level synchronization
    In method level synchornization the entire method get synchronized so, only one thread will enter inside the synchronized area and remaining all the threads will wait at method level.

Note :- Every object have a lock in java and this lock can be given to only one thread at vb all the time.


2. block level synchronization
    In Block level synchronization the entire method is not get synchronized only the part of the method get synchronized, we have to enclosed those few lines of the code put insede synchronized block. 

    Multihreading probleml

 